doc landing page that looks like a homepage and does not simply repeat the sidebar (#1761)
neuronsimulator/nrn: docs/index.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Removed Features
   :hidden:

   removed_features.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Changelog
   :hidden:

   changelog.md

.. image:: neuron-overview.png
   :width: 75%
   :align: center
   :alt: NEURON image with ShapePlot, code, and cortical column

Installation
------------

.. raw:: html

>    <div id="downloadMacOS" style="display:none">

Author: I like the tabs idea. Can you point to an example?

>    <div id="downloadMacOS" style="display:none">

Reviewer: I would recommend `sphinx-design`: A brand new framework that introduces Google's Material Design spec for several themes, and the RtD theme is supported: https://sphinx-design.readthedocs.io/en/rtd-theme/

If not there are several other candidates that do (code) tabs:
* https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-tabs
* https://github.com/coldfix/sphinx-code-tabs (not that well maintained)

>    <div id="downloadMacOS" style="display:none">

Reviewer: Looks like with `sphinx-design` you can use a `name` field to set a referenceable name, that you could use to select the tab. If you open the dev tools on the doc page, you can see each tab has a radio element associated with it, if you select it you can trigger its `click` event and the tab changes.

>    <div id="downloadMacOS" style="display:none">

Author: Tabs are in the latest update. Give readthedocs a bit to catch up.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6668090/161787927-b332b6c3-a70d-4fc5-9e24-2b145b4d9e8c.png)

>    <div id="downloadMacOS" style="display:none">

Reviewer 2: Looks nice! Thanks @Helveg for pointing out that!

      <p>
         On macOS, install via:
         <code>pip3 install neuron</code>
      </p>
      <p>
         Alternatively, 

>          <a href="https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/releases/download/8.1.0/nrn-8.1.0-macosx-10.9-universal2-py-38-39-310.pkg">download macOS installer</a>

Reviewer 3: Would be nice to have a generic link that points to latest pkg (thus avoiding updating the docs after each release)

Author: Do we have such a link?

Reviewer 3: did a quick google search and came up with nothing. There was `git.io`  backed by GitHub but it was discontinued.

Reviewer 3: And if I think about, it's not that easy to manage wrt different ReadTheDocs versions..

Reviewer 3: Would this make sense: 
```suggestion
          head over to <a href="https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/releases/">NEURON GitHub Releases</a> and download the desired macOS package installer from `Assets`
```

Reviewer: There is `nightly.link` to download artifacts from your workflow runs? Does that help?

Reviewer 3: Not really, because we want official versions to match RTD tags

Author: > Would this make sense:

Personally I think install links ought to take you directly to the installer not another page to search through. 

> `nightly.link`

Arguably if you're viewing documentation for version X it should take you to the X installer not the latest.

Author: I'm kind of ok with Mac and Linux taking you to a giant page with all versions since you can just pip install them... But for Windows, IMO  we shouldn't make them search for the only way to install it.

Reviewer 3: > Personally I think install links ought to take you directly to the installer not another page to search through.

Totally agree. Just thinking about the extra maintenance here.

Author: Agree re: maintenance. It's a real issue; the NEURON website was never updated for 8.0.2 because we just missed doing the update and didn't notice until it was time for 8.1.

      </p>
   </div>
   <div id="downloadWindows" style="display:none">

>       <a class="button" href="https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/releases/download/8.1.0/nrn-8.1.0.w64-mingw-py-36-37-38-39-310-setup.exe">Download Windows installer (64 bit)</a>

Reviewer 3: Would be nice to have a generic link that points to latest exe (thus avoiding updating the docs after each release)

   </div>
   <div id="downloadLinux" style="display:none">
      On Linux, install via:
      <code>pip3 install neuron</code>
   </div>
   <p>

>       <a href="https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/releases/tag/8.1.0">All standard versions</a><br>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      <a href="https://github.com/neuronsimulator/nrn/releases/latest">All standard versions</a><br>
```
